every human on the planet wants to
accomplish something
it's part of what makes us human
accomplishment can mean different things
to each of us
it can mean a happy marriage
it could mean a thriving business
it could mean becoming an awesome parent
or artist
or it could mean overcoming
self-limitations
what I've learned from teaching
thousands of people and coaching the
world's most successful professionals
is that there's one thing that when they
focus on it helps them accomplish what
they want
and that is connection connection with
others
and connection with yourself
[Music]
and when we feel connected
we reduce the anxiety that holds us back
we attract like-minded people
and we turn conflict into opportunities
so take a moment right now
and connect with yourself
and if you find that what you want
is a life of deeper connection
and meaningful accomplishments
sign up for the connection course
and go beyond what you thought was
possible
[Music]